{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red50\green50\blue50;\red0\green136\blue204;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl480\sb375\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf2 Legal\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\qj\partightenfactor0

\b\fs21 \cf2 Terms of Use
\b0 \
This app and its content are provided to you \'93as is\'94 subject to the following disclaimers and comments policies. These comments may be updated by us at our discretion and without notice to you. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this app. Please check the Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this app following the posting of any changes to these Terms constitutes an acceptance of these terms on your part.\

\b Content Disclaimer
\b0 \
U-Report contains content from adolescents and young people from across the world that want to contribute to social change, children\'92s right and engage their peers in issues that affect their lives. \
The views reflected in content or links on the U-Report app are not necessarily those of UNICEF and partners.\'a0 U-Report expressly disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of any the content provided, or as to the authenticity of the information for any purpose.\
The findings, interpretations and conclusions expressed herein are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect the views of U-Report, UNICEF,\'a0 its partners and other reputable sources or entities they represent. \
Neither U-Report nor the contributors of this app are reviewing information on this app or the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements meant within this app.\
U-Report does not endorse the content, opinions or any products they may offer.\'a0 This platform is offered to stimulate discussion and thinking on topics related to youth, participation, community development issues and civic engagement.\
All of the content on this app is intended for personal, non-commercial use of users.\

\b Notes on the Country
\b0 \
Maps or country data on this app do not reflect a position by UNICEF on the legal status of any country or territory or the delimitation of any frontiers.\
\
\

\b Comments and Posts
\b0 \
Contributors agree to use the comments and posts option to send messages and materials that are proper and related to the particular post. We retain the right to remove any comment we determine to be, at our sole discretion, unacceptable{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.voicesofyouth.org/?page_id=473%22%20%5Cl%20%22_ftn1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 [1]}}.\'a0 These include personal attacks, profanity, racism, cyber-bullying, discriminations and propagating violence of any sort as well as comments that are for any other reasons objectionable.\
We also reserve the rights to make necessary edits to grammar and spelling. Contributors agree that all comments are public. Any information received will be considered not to be confidential. This app does not claim ownership of any comments submitted.\

\b Attribution policy
\b0 \
If you contribute comments that do not constitute your original work of authorship, you represent and warrant to this app that you do not infringe on any third party\'92s copyright or proprietary rights and that you have secured all necessary permission and licenses prior to contributing such content to this app.\
Except otherwise noted, content on this app is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-NoDerivatives 3.0 Unported license.\
You can reproduce the work from a digital file to a print file, as long as you do so in a manner that is consistent with the terms of that license. If you still have questions, please feel free to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wiki.creativecommons.org/FAQ%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 visit the Creative Commons FAQ page,}}\'a0where you will find more information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Please note:
\b0 \ulnone \'a0You can republish\'a0
\b images\'a0
\b0 and
\b \'a0multimedia
\b0 \'a0that U-Report have used for the app, as long as you do so in a manner that is consistent with the terms of that license.\'a0 You will need to seek out\'a0
\b permission\'a0
\b0 and\'a0
\b consent\'a0
\b0 in the event that authors of the\'a0
\b images
\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\b multimedia\'a0
\b0 have different copyright terms.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Anonymous reporting policy
\b0 \
In those countries or circumstances where U-Report story authors write anonymously because of fear of danger, it is critical in order to remain anonymous; U-Report moderators will ensure that we protect the identity and confidentiality of the contributor if they have chosen to remain anonymous upon registration.\

\b Trackback policy
\b0 \
We also retain the right to not approve trackbacks that are deemed for any reason inappropriate. Trackbacks that violate the comments policy will not be tolerated. All comments, trackbacks, and pingbacks are subject to moderation.\'a0 U-Report will make every effort to ensure timely review, and approval of all comments, trackbacks and pingbacks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sb330\sa330\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sb330\sa330\qj\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.voicesofyouth.org/?page_id=473%22%20%5Cl%20%22_ftnref1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 [1]}}\'a0By unacceptable, we intend in violation of the terms of use, or content deemed offensive.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl480\sb375\sa225\partightenfactor0

\fs42 \cf2 Legal \'96\'a0Youth Friendly language\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\qj\partightenfactor0

\b\fs21 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 What you agree to when you use this app:
\b0 \ulnone \
Everything that you can find on this app is subject to the following:\
Everything that appears on this app can be changed by UNICEF without telling you so. This is to make sure that this app does not present violent articles or things that may offend you or other readers. Please make sure that you read this page every once in a while to see if we have changed or updated anything about the rules of using this app. If you do not like any of the rules, please don\'92t use this app. We feel very strongly about our rules and it is important that you agree to them if you want to read or use the app.\

\b \ul About what is in this app
\b0 \ulnone \
This app (U-Report) receives content from our members (U-Reporters), UNICEF and other websites such as the U-Report websites, and other partner organizations. All of the UNICEF-created content is subject to UNICEF\'92s Terms of Use.\
-What you read on this app isn\'92t usually written by UNICEF staff, so the views and opinions voiced on this app are not necessarily the same as those of UNICEF itself.\
-We\'92re trusting\'a0
\i you
\i0 \'a0as an author to make sure that everything you write about is accurate, and we can\'92t be held accountable for mistakes that you make.\
Everything on this app is for\'a0
\i you
\i0 \'a0and your peers, not for commercial use.\

\b \ul Maps and Countries:
\b0 \ulnone \
The maps and country information that you will find here have been given to UNICEF by authors of this app, so we did not make them and thus we do not necessarily agree with the legal status of any place shown on a map or the boundaries and the data alongside a given country is based on opinion only.\

\b \ul Comments and Posts:
\b0 \ulnone \
Posting is great, but we want to make sure you do it respectfully. Please remember that everything you post is\'a0
\b public.
\b0 \
You are given the option to post your opinion and send messages on this app, but please make sure that you are always posting things that you would not mind people posting on your contributions to the stories section or the chat section.\
If you post things that are not nice, such as personal attacks, harsh language or just things that are mean, whether in a chat or in a story or comment we have the right to delete them immediately and remove you from the U-Report project.\
We are here to help you, so if you submit something with grammar or spelling problems, we reserve the right to edit those things for you. If you want to keep something private, please do not send it to us for publication. Everything that you send to us, we can publish or send to other people.\

\b \ul Attribution policy:
\b0 \ulnone \
Please do not post comments on this app that you did not write as you are responsible to only post things that you have written. If you decide to use someone else\'92s work, make sure that you have all of the proper permission to post it.\
Unless we say otherwise, everything on this app is licensed under a\'a0
\b Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-NoDerivatives 3.0 Unported\'a0
\b0 license. \'a0If you\'92re wondering what that is, click the blue link:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Creative Commons!\'a0}}\
You can reproduce the work from a digital file to a print file, as long as you do so in a manner that is consistent with the terms of that license. If you still have questions, please feel free to\'a0\ul visit the Creative Commons FAQ page,\ulnone \'a0where you will find more information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Copyright Rules:
\b0 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 You can republish\'a0
\b images
\b0 \'a0and other\'a0
\b multimedia
\b0 \'a0(like videos or audio) that we have used on the app as long as you do it in a way that is allowed by the license of the particular item that you are publishing.\uc0\u8232 If there is a\'a0
\b copyright
\b0 \'a0on the image or multimedia that you want to republish, you need to get\'a0
\b permission\'a0
\b0 and 
\b consent
\b0 \'a0to publish it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Anonymous policy:
\b0 \ulnone \
In some countries (or in certain circumstances) many of you have requested to remain anonymous (nameless) in your responses or submissions. That\'92s fine with us! If you feel like sharing your name or other information would put you in danger or just don\'92t want to share if for any other reason please don\'92t include it at registration as everything you publish is attached to that name.  \
Please make sure to respect it and not abuse your position of an anonymous U-Reporter. Always write as if your name is attached to it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl330\sa165\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Hey!
\b0 \'a0Also please remember that these terms of use (like all of the other ones) are subject to change, so please make sure you are checking up on this page!\

\b Trackback policy
\b0 \

\b What\'92s a\'a0\cf3 trackback\cf2 ?
\b0 \
We reserve the right to not approve your trackbacks if they are inappropriate in any way. If any trackbacks don\'92t go along with any of our policies, we will not allow them to appear on the app. \'a0All comments, trackbacks and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pingback"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pingback}}s will be monitored by the U-Report staff\'85 keep it appropriate! We will do our very best to make sure that we are timely in reviewing (and either approving or denying) all comments, trackbacks and pingbacks.\
}